add slsa verifier (#655)
karmada-io/website: docs/administrator/security/verify-artifacts.md

```shell
$ trivy sbom sbom-karmada.spdx --ignore-unfixed
```

> ## Verification of artifacts with SLSA attestations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Verifiy artifacts with SLSA attestations
```
Use a same style with the headings

### Prerequisites

You need to install the following tools:

- `slsa-verifier` ([Installation Guide](https://github.com/slsa-framework/slsa-verifier?tab=readme-ov-file#installation))

> ### cli

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### CLI
```

A single attestation (`karmada-cli.intoto.jsonl`) from each release is provided since release 1.10.3. This can be used with [slsa-verifier](https://github.com/slsa-framework/slsa-verifier) to verify that a CLI binary was generated using Karmada workflows on GitHub and ensures it was cryptographically signed.

```shell

> slsa-verifier verify-artifact karmadactl-darwin-arm64.tgz \
> --provenance-path karmada-cli.intoto.jsonl \
> --source-uri github.com/karmada-io/karmada \
> --source-tag v1.10.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slsa-verifier verify-artifact karmadactl-darwin-arm64.tgz \
  --provenance-path karmada-cli.intoto.jsonl \
  --source-uri github.com/karmada-io/karmada \
  --source-tag v1.10.3
```
Use a same style as you provided below.

```

> If you only want to verify up to the major or minor version of the source repository tag (instead of the full tag), use the --source-versioned-tag which performs semantic versioning verification:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only want to verify up to the major or minor version of the source repository tag (instead of the full tag), use the --source-versioned-tag, with which you can verify the semantic versions:
```

```shell

> slsa-verifier verify-artifact karmadactl-darwin-arm64.tgz \
> --provenance-path karmada-cli.intoto.jsonl \
> --source-uri github.com/karmada-io/karmada \
> --source-tag v1 # Note: May use v1.10 for minor version verification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
slsa-verifier verify-artifact karmadactl-darwin-arm64.tgz \
  --provenance-path karmada-cli.intoto.jsonl \
  --source-uri github.com/karmada-io/karmada \
  --source-tag v1 # You can use v1.10 for minor version verification
```

```

The payload is a non-forgeable provenance which is base64 encoded and can be viewed by passing the --print-provenance option to the commands above:

```shell
slsa-verifier verify-artifact karmadactl-darwin-arm64.tgz \

> --provenance-path karmada-cli.intoto.jsonl \
> --source-uri github.com/karmada-io/karmada \
> --source-tag v1.10.3 \
> --print-provenance | jq

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --provenance-path karmada-cli.intoto.jsonl \
  --source-uri github.com/karmada-io/karmada \
  --source-tag v1.10.3 \
  --print-provenance | jq
```

```

> ### sbom

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### SBOM
```
